Fix Kubernetes license instructions (#3730)
mattermost/docs: source/install/install-kubernetes-mattermost.rst

**3. Apply the Installation Manifest File**

First, create the Mattermost namespace with this command:

.. code-block:: sh

  $ kubectl create ns mattermost

> Then, if deploying Mattermost enterprise edition, apply the license file specifying the path to the file you created in step 1:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're deploying Mattermost Enterprise Edition, apply the license file by specifying the path to the file you created in step 1:
```
